a gathering of beings a meeting of minds
and a desire to communicate but alas no
shared transports she speaks over green
she speaks over blue but I speak both of
these and I've changed my config from
the default in order to enable hosting
relay connections so per your default
configuration of being able to access
relay connections offer you the relay
protocol through this virtual connection
we present a single transport that they
may talk over but I wonder what they're
talking about radio so this top top
diagram looks like a classic man in the
mill diagram we just wanted to clarify
that it's not hence the second diagram
so the second one is is it all about
crypto so different colors are the
different layers of encryption so we
have three different independently and
end-to-end encrypted streams there the
green the blue in the red and so the
black one in the middle the the relay
node doesn't actually see the traffic
the clear text traffic from the blue and
to sum things up there's also some
future stuff here which is multi hops
which will be in a packet switching
Network and that's about it
you